auto-docs: Update RPCN connector docs (#324)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/partials/fields/inputs/redpanda.adoc

|===

=== `unordered_processing`

> Configures partition consumers to allow parallel and therefore unordered processing of messages of any given partition. This allows for better utilization of processing threads and asynchronous publishing at the output level. The maximum parallelization of each partition is determined by the checkpoint_limit field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows consumers to process messages of any given partition in parallel, which may result in unordered processing. This improves utilization of processing threads and allows asynchronous publishing at the output level. The maximum parallelization of each partition is determined by the `checkpoint_limit` field.
```

*Type*: `object`

=== `unordered_processing.batching`

> Allows you to configure a xref:configuration:batching.adoc[batching policy] that applies to individual topic partitions in order to batch messages together before flushing them for processing. Batching can be beneficial for performance as well as useful for windowed processing, and doing so this way preserves the ordering of topic partitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to configure a xref:configuration:batching.adoc[batching policy] that applies to individual topic partitions in order to batch messages together before flushing them for processing. Batching can be beneficial for performance and useful for windowed processing, and doing so preserves the ordering of topic partitions.
```
